/docs/integrations headers (#4237)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/installed-collectors/configuration.md

A Sumo Source is an object configured for a specific Collector that sends data to Sumo Logic. There are a number of Source types that work with Installed Collectors. For a list of all Sources supported by Installed Collectors, see [Sources for Installed Collectors](/docs/send-data/installed-collectors/sources).

> See [How to Choose a Collector](/docs/send-data/choose-collector-source) for guidance on when to use a single or multiple Installed Collectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Choosing a Sumo Logic Collector and Source](/docs/send-data/choose-collector-source) for guidance on when to use a single or multiple Installed Collectors.
```
